NIHR RDN commercial eligibility & feasibility submission form Section B: The information in this section has been provided by the commercial company in the non- confidential section of the submission. While catergorised as non-confidential for the purposes of the RDN feasibility and eligibility process, the information is COMMERCIALLY SENSITIVE and should be managed as defined in the RDN business processes. It may be distributed to third parties involved in supporting the delivery of RDN feasibility and eligibility process WITHOUT the need for a formal RDN Confidential Disclosure Agreement, however the confidentiality terms of the Performance and Operating Framework for RDN Host or Partner Organisations remain applicable. Full study title Development of an internationally-diverse, linked genomic and longitudinal phenotypic research data asset to accelerate precision treatment pathways for patients with serious mental illness Study protocol reference number GlobalMinds SPONSORSHIP & FUNDING B4: Name of research sponsor: Akrivia Health B5: Is Research Funder different to above? B5a: If yes, please specify: Wellcome Trust; Johnson & Johnson The name and organisation of the Chief Investigator is required to submit a request for the Study Resource Review service. B6: Name of Chief Investigator Prof. James Walters B6a: Chief Investigator Organisation CARDIFF & VALE UNIVERSITY LHB Wales STUDY TYPE B8: Category of research Study administering questionnaires/interviews for quantitative analysis, or using mixed quantitative/qualitative methodology B8a: Are any of the investigational medicinal products (IMPs) advanced therapy investigational medicinal products (ATIMPs)? B11: Phase of development N/A No I No II No III No IV No B12a: If this is a Phase IV study, is this at the request of regulators? B12b: Category of medical device study B12d: Phase of clinical investigation B12e: Is this post-marketing study a regulatory follow up requirement? APPROVAL B6b: Select the type of approval you will be applying for HRA Approval B6c: Provide details of the ethical approval you will be applying for B6d: Explain why you will not be applying for ethical approval B6e: Date of approval submission 17/09/2024 STUDY DESIGN B13: What is the disease indication / target patient population for the study? Neuropsychiatric and neurodegenerative (dementia) patients B13a: Is your trial recruiting UK subjects under 16 years of age? B13b: If Yes, has a Paediatric Investigation Plan (PIP) been developed? B13c: If a PIP has not been developed, please give details why not: B15: Please briefly describe the treatment and (if applicable) the randomisation schedule. Please include details of all study related treatments NA including comparator drugs, other protocol specified treatment regimens and the ratio of treatment groups. B15a: Are the study drugs / comparators being provided or will they be reimbursed? B16: Primary objective(s) To use the linked genomic biomarker and phenotypic data to investigate associations between clinical, demographic, developmental, biological, psychological and social variables with transdiagnostic symptoms and outcomes, and apply advanced analyses to this dataset to examine methods of stratification to improve diagnosis and identify treatment targets. B17: Secondary objective(s) B18: Full inclusion criteria All participants must have an electronic health record in a primary or secondary care service. Mental Health cohort(s) • Have received a diagnosis and/or treatment/referral for mental illness for MDD, BD, Schizophrenia. • Having an available electronic health record • Current age 18+ (no upper age limit) • Can speak English Dementia cohort • Participants aged 18+ (no upper age limit) • Currently alive and are, or have been, old age psychiatry patients • Received relevant diagnosis or referral: EITHER • Clinical diagnosis of dementia, mild cognitive impairment (MCI) or subjective cognitive impairment (SCI) OR • Memory clinic referral • Must be willing and able to complete a validated cognitive assessment. All dementia patients will undergo extended biomarker analysis. B19: Full exclusion criteria Mental Health cohort(s) • Patients without capacity to provide consent. Dementia cohort • Inability to understand spoken and/or written spoken English • Individuals with intellectual disability. • Patients with dementia in Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease (CJD), Huntington’s, HIV dementia, alcohol-related dementia, intellectual disability, traumatic brain injury at any time. • Patients diagnosed with depression (only an exclusion criterion for MCI/SCI patients), psychosis, bipolar disorder prior in the pre-index period – to be checked at screening. PRODUCT INFORMATION B7: Name(s) and class(es) of investigational product NA B7a: Route of study drug(s) Inhalational No Intramuscular (IM) No Intranasal No Intravenous (IV) No Oral No Rectal No Subcutaneous (SC) No Sublingual / buccal No Transdermal No Vaginal No Other (please specify) No B7b: Other route of study drug(s) B7c: Type of investigational product / GMDN classification 1 Active implantable devices No Anaesthetic and respiratory devices No Dental devices No Electro mechanical medical devices No Hospital hardware No In vitro diagnostic devices No Non-active implantable devices No Ophthalmic and optical devices No Reusable devices No Single use devices No Assistive products for persons with disability No Diagnostic and therapeutic radiation devices No Complementary therapy devices No Biological-derived devices No Healthcare facility products and adaptations No Laboratory equipment No Other No B7d: Other B9: Who is responsible for the development of the product(s)? NA DELIVERY CONSIDERATIONS B27: What is the care setting you anticipate for each of the following activities (select Not known if you are unsure which setting applies): B27a: Participant identification Primary care Yes Hospital Yes Community based Yes Residential care No Not known No Not applicable No B27b: Participant recruitment Primary care Yes Hospital Yes Community based Yes Residential care No Not known No Not applicable No B27c: Participant treatment Primary care No Hospital No Community based No Residential care No Not known No Not applicable Yes B27d: Participant follow up Primary care No Hospital No Community based No Residential care No Not known No Not applicable Yes B22: Does the study involve any investigations using ionising radiation (this includes examinations which would be considered standard care in this patient group)? B22a: Does the study involve any additional investigations using ionising radiation not viewed as part of standard care, (please note there may be variation in practice between trial sites)? B23: Are there any other study requirements / practicalities which may have an impact on feasibility? Training on cognitive assessment for dementia patients. Otherwise, there is no special requirements. TRIAL MANAGEMENT B33a: Planned Final Protocol date 01/04/2028 B33e: Duration of study treatment 0 Years 0 Months 0 Days B33f: Duration of follow up 0 Years 0 Months 0 Days B33j: Is or will the study be running globally i.e. outside of the UK? UK Study Timelines B33b: Planned date to have site selection finalised 31/10/2024 B33c: Planned FPFV (First Participant First Visit) 15/12/2024 B33d: Planned LPFV (Last Participant First Visit) 18/07/2028 B33g: Planned LPLV (Last Participant Last Visit) 20/07/2028 Global Study Timelines B33h: Planned FPFV (First Participant First Visit) globally 11/03/2025 B33i: Planned LPLV (Last Participant Last Visit) globally 20/07/2028 RECRUITMENT TARGETS B34: Is the study already open to recruitment in other countries? B35a: If yes, have any issues with recruitment been identified? B35b: Please provide the global recruitment to date versus target B36: What is the target recruitment: B36a: In the UK? 47000 B36b: In the EU (if applicable)? B36c: Worldwide (if applicable)? 3000 B36d: What is the minimum recruitment target for individual sites? Dependent on feasibility and agreed targets per site B38: If worldwide recruitment applies, is this competitive? B39: What is the planned total number of study sites within the UK? 17 SITE INTELLIGENCE B24: In order for the NIHR RDN to best support your study, we need to understand how far you have progressed in the site selection process. Therefore please provide details of sites which you have already contacted about the study and their current feasibility status. This is important, so that we do not duplicate work or cause misunderstanding when we discuss your study with investigators. Name of site/practice Status Investigator Name Investigator Email Address Investigator Specialty Additional Information Cornwall - Cornwall Partnership NHS Foundation Trust Interested and awaiting feasibility questionnaire Ben Hyams b.hyams@nhs.net Mental Illness KMPT - Kent and Medway NHS and Social Care Partnership Trust ( Recent name change) Interested and awaiting feasibility questionnaire Sarah Dickens sarah.dickens@nhs.net Mental Illness Cardiff & Vale - Cardiff and Vale University Health Board Interested and awaiting feasibility questionnaire Norman Young norman.young@wales.nhs.uk Mental Illness LYPFT - Leeds and York Partnership NHS Foundation Trust Interested and awaiting feasibility questionnaire Zoe Jackson zoe.jackson14@nhs.net Mental Illness CNTW - Cumbria, Northumberland, Tyne and Wear NHS Foundation Trust Interested and awaiting feasibility questionnaire Simon douglas simon.douglas@cntw.nhs.uk Mental Illness Southern - Southern Health NHS Foundation Trust Interested and awaiting feasibility questionnaire Peter Phiri peter.phiri@southernhealth.nhs.uk Mental Illness SWLSTG - South West London and St George's Mental Health NHS Trust Interested and awaiting feasibility questionnaire Robert Lawrence robert.lawrence@swlstg.nhs.uk Mental Illness AWP - Avon and Wiltshire Mental Health Partnership NHS Trust Interested and awaiting feasibility questionnaire Hannah Antoniades hannah.antoniades@nhs.net Mental Illness Name of site/practice Status Investigator Name Investigator Email Address Investigator Specialty Additional Information TEWV - Tyne, Esk and Wear Valleys NHS Foundation Trust Interested and awaiting feasibility questionnaire Sarah Daniel s.daniel@nhs.net Mental Illness BSMHFT - Birmingham and Solihull Mental Health Foundation Trust Interested and awaiting feasibility questionnaire Emma Patterson emma.patterson4@nhs.net Mental Illness Devon - Devon Partnership NHS Trust Interested and awaiting feasibility questionnaire Tobit Emmens tobit.emmens@nhs.net Mental Illness RDASH - Rotherham, Doncaster and South Humber NHS Foundation Trust Interested and awaiting feasibility questionnaire Heather Rice heather.rice3@nhs.net Mental Illness Mersey - Mersey Care NHS Foundation Trust No response Nusrat Husain nusrat.husain@manchester.ac.uk Mental Illness Notts - Nottinghamshire Healthcare NHS Foundation Trust Interested and awaiting feasibility questionnaire Mark Howells mark.howells@nottshc.nhs.uk Mental Illness Oxford - Oxford Health NHS Foundation Trust Interested and awaiting feasibility questionnaire Vanessa Raymont vanessa.raymont@psych.ox.ac.uk Dementia and Mental Illness Name of site/practice Status Investigator Name Investigator Email Address Investigator Specialty Additional Information Sussex - Sussex Partnership NHS Foundation Trust Interested and awaiting feasibility questionnaire Mark Hayward mark.hayward@spft.nhs.uk Mental Illness WLT - West London NHS Trust Interested and awaiting feasibility questionnaire Sophie Coronini sophie.coronini- cronberg@westlondon.nhs.uk Mental Illness Name of site/practice Status Investigator Name Investigator Email Address Investigator Specialty Additional Information SITE IDENTIFICATION B28: How many sites would you like us to identify as part of this Site Identification service? 10 B31a: In which geographical locations would you like us to identify sites? (for UK wide, tick all four nations) England Yes Northern Ireland No Scotland No Wales No B32: Are there any specific questions in relation to deliverability for this particular study that you would like interested sites to respond to? As standard, sites will provide information around their research expertise and a suggested target recruitment for your study. B32a: Additional question 1 B32b: Additional question 2 B32c: Additional question 3 B32d: Additional question 4 CONFIRMATION B42: Please provide any additional information or questions you have below : We are looking to initiate sites that are in Akrivia's HCO network to contribute to GlobalMinds recruitment (via PIC activity, promotion and/or in-person recruitment). The COO of Akrivia Health is communicating with these sites and therefore the support at this stage that we would require is to disseminate the final iCT to the sites at the appropriate time,. Additionally, we are looking to identify sites and obtain information around recruitment figures for dementia cohort in primary care. Is this something you could support with? The information provided in the submission will be treated as CONFIDENTIAL however it may be distributed to third parties without the need for a formal confidentiality agreement, to support site feasibility. NIHR RDN site level feasibility is based on the information supplied, the schedule of events and any additional information supplied that can be circulated without the need for a CDA.
